Answer to Question.1
Interface is used to achieve Complete abstraction in Java. It is basically a kind of class that contains only constants and abstract methods.Interface only contins the default declaration of methods but not declaration of the Methods, But from Java 8 onwards we can define our methods and can implement it inside the Interface by using static and default keywords.

Answer to Question.2
Only abstract and public modifiers are allowed for methods in interfaces.
Ex:
 interface demo{
      public abstract void show();
      default void display(){
		System.out.println("displaying");
	}
	static void play(){
		System.out.println("playing");
	} 
   }

Answer to Question.4
Interface Usage in Java:
a)To achieve Full abstraction
b)Best way to expose our projects API to some other project
c)Used by programmers to customise features of software differently for different objects.
d)To achieve Multiple Inheritance.

Answer to Question.5
Difference between abstract class and interface
a)Abstract class can have abstract and non-abstract methods. Interface can have only abstract methods,Since Java 8 it can have default and static methods also.

b)Abstract class doesn't support multiple inheritance. Interface supports multiple inheritance.

c)Abstract class can have final, non-final, static and non-static variables.  Interface has only static and final variables.

d)Abstract class can provide the implementation of interface.  Interface can't provide the implementation of abstract class.

e)The abstract keywords is used to declare abstract class.  The interface keyword is used to declare the interface.

f)An abstract class can extend another java class and implement multiple java interfaces.  AN interface can be implemented using the keyword "implements".

g)An abstract class can be extended using the keywords "extends". An Interface can be implemented using the keyword "implements".

h)A Java abstract class can have class members like private, protected, etc.  Members of java interface are public by default.

i)Example of abstract class:
 public abstract class shape{
	public abstract void display(){System.out.println("Displaying");}
}

Example of Interface:
public interface draw(){
	void draw();
}









